The SOLID principles are a set of five object-oriented design principles aimed at making software designs more understandable, flexible, and maintainable. Each letter in SOLID represents a different principle:

S - Single Responsibility Principle (SRP):
This principle states that a class should have only one reason to change,
meaning it should have only one responsibility or job.
 By adhering to this principle, you can make your classes more cohesive and easier to understand,
  test, and maintain.

O - Open/Closed Principle (OCP):
This principle states that software entities (classes, modules, functions, etc.)
should be open for extension but closed for modification.
It encourages you to design your systems in a way that allows them to be easily extended with new functionality without modifying existing code.

L - Liskov Substitution Principle (LSP):
This principle states that objects of a superclass should be replaceable with objects of its subclasses without affecting the correctness of the program.
 In other words, subclasses should be substitutable for their base class without changing the desirable properties of the program.

I - Interface Segregation Principle (ISP):
This principle states that clients should not be forced to depend on interfaces they don't use.
It encourages you to design cohesive interfaces that are specific to the needs of the clients that use them,
rather than creating large,
monolithic interfaces that cater to all possible clients.

D - Dependency Inversion Principle (DIP):
This principle states that high-level modules should not depend on low-level modules,
but both should depend on abstractions. It also states that abstractions should not depend on details,
but details should depend on abstractions. By adhering to this principle,
you can design more flexible and maintainable systems that are easier to test and extend.

These principles are guidelines that help you design object-oriented systems that are more modular,
flexible, and easier to maintain over time.
By following these principles, you can create software that is easier to understand,
extend, and refactor, leading to higher-quality and more maintainable codebases.